11/15/2016
 
 
The board talked about AEM briefly, but decided to postpone the discussion until a lunch and learn session is conducted. It will be set up by Donovan sometime this week.

The board mostly talked about moving away from Blue Martini for the following benefits:
a.      Make the site responsive
b.      Make the site stable and scalable
c.      Make the site multi lingual
 

Couple of points that came up are -

1. The biggest pieces that prevent us from moving away from Blue Martini are checkout and common authorization system between website and OMS. To further this discussion, the following action items will be completed and the artifacts shared with the board before the next meeting, and will be discussed at that time.
		b.  List of projects / applications and priority 
		c.  Dependency graph for different systems / applications 
 
2. Outside of the website, we also need to move the merch ops team away from BM merchandising platform. One idea was to move away from BM eCommerce first, and then later move away from BM merchandising platform. In the absence of BM pubs, how do we “move” data from one environment to another (preview to production)?
 
3. We also talked about SPG vs home grown software for payments processing. The board was not clear as to the advantages of using SPG (replacing one third party product with another). Initial consensus was to build one internally. More discussions needed on this topic.
 
4. A concern was raised whether both stores and website need to use the same authorization system to be able to use the Common settlement process. Could stores use a different authorization system (SPG), while websites use something else (home grown), but feed the common settlement process the data in the format / time that it needs?
 
5. We also talked about OMS Promising server as the inventory cache for the websites, to do away with home grown caches, if needed. More analysis is needed on the OMS side to see if this is feasible.
 
6. As a guide to help us talk though the architecture going forward, we agreed that an end state architecture would be extremely beneficial (even if we are not tackling all of the aspects right away). This will help us in making decisions and prioritizing the work for that end state.
 

 
 
